[Music]
hi it's agatha welcome and welcome back
to my channel and for today's video
it's going to be different and feel
um
challenges and today since it's love
month
february at single single tutorial month
i know i'm going to
let strangers pick my makeup looks for
today's video
so um the original video
title is tender guys let
i know tinder guys pick my makeup look
but then i don't want to use tender that
why not bumble because i saw this video
from not angel then
she used bombas and i said
but please please please don't use
bumble or any dating sites if you're
a miner i am of lingual agent
irresponsible and along them
so i already created an account for
my bumble channeling profile
tapos didn't use my real name
because i asked my friend one of my best
friends
i used the name cheska as in weird
spelling
spelling yeah ready swiped
right out of my makeup uh
right now so i am
[Music]
what's a good question i'm gonna ask if
he's a night person or a murderer
a morning person tapas i'm acting a
night person i will put
foundation but morning persona mancha i
will not put any
[Music]
foundation
are you a
night person are you a knight
or morning person i'm sorry if there's
noise
the place my bride's not in the hot i
much a god hey
swipe right yo
[Music]
i i
oh okay
[Music]
okay 30.
can i ask a question
[Music]
are you a morning or
night person i'm back
so since he's a night person i
will put on lotion just put a sheer
coverage
because i don't want to put too much
foundation because i don't like
putting on thick base and
[Music]
breaking up the grip lighting
more on night ride
okay
[Music]
um oh i'm gonna ask
oh i mean if you're playing
[Music]
so i'm gonna put some concealer first
so the next question would be how do you
like your coffee eyes
or hot cuppa gold thick brows
[Music]
thin coffee hotter coat
choose one
[Music]
okay so thin brow style i'm not gonna
put
[Music]
let's your favorite
number
from the palette
[Music]
okay let's swipe right back
well
i'll let him choose the second color so
[Music]
a normal question mom
pick a number
from one to twelve
because twelve pounds you married
[Music]
this is a valentine's makeup look
free dao bababa
[Music]
banana
left or right
[Music]
left or right left right left right left
right left right
since then knocked her out i left
it's having the arnold so i'm gonna use
this color
[Music]
outer v
charlie sent you a message i
i will put something on my lower lash
line
no i'm gonna ask them if
marvel or dc marvel
coffee nope
[Music]
marvel marvel marvel wins
so marvel hula okay
nice choice you got there kids kids
kids
[Music]
so i'm gonna let them pick who
iron man or spiderman i am
and i mean
[Music]
i'm going to ask if
iron man or spiderman
[Music]
so if iron man i'm going to use the
blush
[Music]
this is going to be my blush for to try
one two okay
[Music]
and he said two so i'm gonna use the
maybelline hyper curl volume express
[Music]
sweetie
so i'm gonna apply
[Music]
city or beach
strokes now silk this in
action passionate peach
beach
[Music]
not gonna happen
i didn't put any highlight there
i'm just putting them again
[Music]
how about i
choose
[Music]
japan
guys reply japan
i'm gonna use this
one
[Music]
there you go this is my final look
so that concludes our video for today
like and subscribe to my channel if you
want to see more of me
and if you do have some suggestions
leave them down below
i'll see you next one bye
[Music]